if there arises among you a prophet or a
dreamer of dreams and he gives you a
sign or a wonder and the sign or the
wonder comes two paths of which he spoke
to you saying let us go after other gods
which you have not known and let us
serve them you shall not listen to the
words of that prophet or that dreamer of
dreams for the Lord your God is testing
you to know whether you love the Lord
your garden with all your heart and with
all your soul
you shall walk after the Lord your God
and fear him and keep his Commandments
and obey his voice you shall serve Him
and hold fast to him but that prophet or
that dreamer of dreams shall be put to
death because he has spoken in order to
turn you away from the Lord your God who
brought you out of the land of Egypt and
redeemed you from the house of bondage
to entice you from the way in which the
Lord your God commanded you to walk so
you shall put away the evil from your
midst if your brother the son of your
mother your son or your daughter the
wife of your bosom or your friend who is
as your own soul secretly entices you
saying let us go and serve other gods
which you have not known
neither you nor your father's of the
gods of the people which are all around
you near to you or far off from you from
one end of the earth to the other end of
the earth you shall not consent to him
or listen to him nor shall your I pity
hidden nor shall you spare him or
conceal him but you shall surely kill
him your hand shall be first against him
to put him to death and afterward the
hand of all of the people and you shall
stone him with stones until he dies
because he sought to entice you away
from the Lord your God who brought you
out of the land of Egypt from the house
of bondage so all Israel shall hear and
fear and not again do such wickedness as
this among you if you hear someone in
one of your cities which the Lord your
God gives you to dwell in saying corrupt
men have gone out from among you and
entice the inhabitants of their City
saying let us go and serve other gods
which you
have not known then you shall inquire
search out and ask diligently and if it
is indeed true and certain that such an
abomination was committed among you you
shall surely strike the inhabitants of
that city with the edge of the sword
utterly destroying it all that is in it
and its livestock with the edge of the
sword and you shall gather all its
plunder into the middle of the street
and completely burn with fire the city
and all its plunder for the Lord your
God it shall be a heap for ever it shall
not be built again so none of the
accursed things shall remain in your
hand that the Lord may turn from the
fierceness of his anger and show you
mercy have compassion on you and
multiply you
just as he swore to your father's
because you have listened to the voice
of the Lord your God to keep all his
commandments which I command you today
to do what is right in the eyes of the
Lord your God
you